"with Mr. Andrew and Ms. Krithika from the Australian Consulate :)

I LOVED being a part of this conversation. With StudentUnion.im - I've been fortunate to pitch and have conversations with many - usually trying to gauge the reactions to shift these conversations in different directions.

I've experienced the full spectrum: those who check out before we even finish introducing ourselves, others who politely wait for the conversation to end, and those rare gems who genuinely engage, listen and advise - these are the best ones, ofcourse. Making the world a tiny bit better with one good conversation at a time. 

This meeting with the Australian Consulate felt exactly like the latter!

Not the polite attention I've sometimes encountered, but genuine interest in both our challenges and possibilities.

One of the questions that made me kind of jolt back to the real-ness of what we’re doing is when they asked about our vision for the coming years. This question always hits different... like yeah, this isn't just some idea anymore. It's almost wild to think that about a year ago or so, we sat in that exact same spot pitching our then-vague concept, and exiting then with 'I guess we aren't selected then, sir?' XD

hashtag#startups hashtag#hyderabad",
"Day:15: Collecting Rejections like Pokémon :

This week… was something. It was a whole rollercoaster ride and the ride hasn’t even ended yet. Coming back to our pokémon, It’s Friday, time to update the rejection count from last week. 

This week I decided to change the first step to the approach and focused on texting the client first. And most replied(lesgo). We got 18 rejections 🥲, 2 Maybes 😶‍🌫️  and 1 yes 😎! We got our first yes in this rejection goal yall. I went ahead expecting to get absolutely rejected, maybe even getting left on read. But, them enquiring about the details and some even getting to maybes was a big ‘wait, what?’ moment. And, I think I'm slowly coming to understand what “Collect rejections like a treasure. And work hard to get these rejections.” meant.

Here’s what I learnt from the exchanges this week:

- To reach out to people when there’s a higher probability that they’re looking for us as well i.e., the timing.
- Because the person on the other end prolly has zero idea about the what I'm doing and so, to choose the words accordingly.
- It’s never ‘too late’ to reach out.
- Again, I need to focus on how to turn the conversation to focus on asking them questions and their requirements. 
- Choosing the medium(Social Media/Calls/Texts/Emails) to communicate(based on the client) also holds importance.

Now, we move onto the third week with the T-77 rejections goal."